# CS-330-Project-1

This project was amazing to work on through the model it helped me learn how to shape objects, change their sizes, and even position which I found to be cool. For my design process, I used a landscape picture that I picked out and made trees around and a grassy landscape. This helped out greatly by providing me with a vision of what it was that I was going to do for the scene. Tactics from my design that could be applied to in future work is the mouse wheel control of the camera, I found that one to be interesting and it stood out to me. Not only that but the lighting as well, since I’ll never know and could potentially use these things in the future.

A way that I would approach developing programs is by taking my time and doing it step by step like we did through these models. Instead of just outright trying to do things all in one day, I learned through this class that it’s better to cut things up into smaller pieces and get it done slowly until it builds up. With a team or without. This is one of the new development strategies that I used when it came to working on my program, it also is a key trick as to how iteration factored into my development. My approach to developing code evolved through the milestones because each week we were doing something new - from implementing the colorless shapes to textures, camera movement, and lighting.

Computer science can help me reach my goals because I plan on becoming a Software Engineer, hopefully on the back-end side of development but I haven’t decided completely yet. Everything that I’ve learned in this class can help me severely in the likelihood that I do end up working with 3D objects and it gave me an insight into the game industry as well as how they make their designs. This is a new skill that I can use later on in the likelihood that I do end up going into the gaming field.
